## worklog 2017

### 1/2/17
* fellows' call prep - sent email and started [etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-jan04)
* sent reminder to Study Group Leads for [Friday Call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-january-2017)
* Fluent Conference Proposals for O'Reilly
* sent email to bruno inviting to SG orientation call

### 1/3/17
* caught up on Gitter
* sent Lou my Trellis questionnaire for the Community Lead symposium next week
* confirmed Achintya as emcee for [Friday's Study Group Call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-january-2017)
* replied to some tweets
* put together [space apps contacts](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fXLdorN9m9GufKfcL6MYBPr4wjVL5s-2thshhvJnC0Q/edit?usp=sharing)
* wrote back to Jon and Stuart about Space Apps prep
* check-in with Steph [1:1](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* plugged [newsletter on twitter](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/status/816319671456645120)
* wrote to peter about WOW in Montreal
* finished easy chair reviews for CMU hackworkshops
* booked tickets for San Francisco 2/5-2/10
* edited [Graphic Hunters Submission text](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SkvCQrRoJ_PK-W3sWXoSRcdTu8bmUGaIanqnEjSJCTY/)
* wrote up fellowship review for Hannah

### 1/4/17
* responded to some emails from trellis folks
* e-troduction on Trellis
* talked to Vanessa about fellowship [timeline](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FzD1X7IBbX6_vAAUpO1zfFabP3GZMNKJC_4U9iszD9c/edit?ts=586d11f3#gid=112930183)
* published book club survey tweet
* met with Achintya about Study Group Community Call
* individual updates to all study group call leads in the pad
* design survey for [fellows' workweek](https://goo.gl/forms/d9J5QnqyluvSxo4r2)
* fellows [workweek prep](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek)
* hosted [fellows' call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-jan04)

	* squaring away hotels, squaring away space and service now request
	* make short survey
		* 1.5 - 3 hrs - skill shares and coworking
		* anything you want to teach/learn/hear speak/coworking
		* monday morning big breakfast /successes and challenges


### 1/5/17
* emails
* kirstie's blog post read
* [meeting on minigrants](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-201701-WOW)
* danielle's travel approvals, updates to fellows' doc, dates discussion with Steph and Zannah
* wrote to Deal Projekt about boycott of Elselvier
* added diversity [exercise to shared drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B6_ZVUFx2WHHckFGWmxfY19yOE0)
* made [girl develop it event](https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/236704335/)
	* emailed brooklyn @ about it
* printed Diversity/Inclusion exercise for AAAS next week
* invited Paul Villoutreix to our community call as a speaker
* invited Titus Woormer to talk about [Write Music](https://github.com/wooorm/write-music) on our community call
* invited Pasquale da Silva to Community Call in February to talk about [synaesthesia project](https://laughingsquid.com/a-fascinating-visualization-of-how-a-person-with-color-synesthesia-perceives-music/)

### 1/6/17
* spent way to much time trying to decrypt something with Keybase
* tweeted about the Study Group Call at 11
* reviewed steph's [participation form](https://docs.google.com/a/mozillafoundation.org/forms/d/1UuWyuBlAPqYRGR5s3TyFzhbBpYPHxZIEp_v3swcG2yI/edit?ts=586ecf81)
* plugged study group orientation on open con forum
* hosted [study group call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-january-2017#lineNumber=105)
* tweeted recap, uploaded video to youtube
* speaker thank you sent
* got back to Peter about [WOW expectations](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-201701-WOW)
* posted kirstie's blog, how do [twitter book clubs work](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/how-do-twitter-book-clubs-work)
* wrote back to Aman Jain, community member who wants to be involved
* meetings
* updated [OHSU Study Group on the Map](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/studygroups)
* grant maker meeting with Fluxx - anyone applying for a grant through mozilla can apply through fluxx
* started filling out [newsletter links](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights#lineNumber=582)
* really productive meeting about Science Hack day and Space Apps
* [wrote proposal for data & society workshop](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ptZYdEPnk5qSEDbckj1Z8BtggZn10hO4580mmaf4nY4/edit?usp=sharing) on May 19th
* updated [space apps details here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YQxuvptIlaqD3QN3zdyo_Gy7QDRHuVlijFDLlROd6FE/edit#gid=0)

### 1/7/16
* worked out [Outline for AAAS Workshop on Community Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O0Im0k-Ta8QUUw1v_HfmQTX1FAOa6uJeLWAcNC90BKQ/edit#)
* created [repo of resources](https://github.com/auremoser/aaas-guides)
* created [website](https://auremoser.github.io/aaas-guides/)
* backgroud
	* [aims for community managers](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uQCkxToW7qz7hHrkfiP3YESsXoVuJdk5c2GBiwjNwVM/edit#heading=h.bk8qj3xht6wm)
	* [curriculum workshop plan](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0By3mWB2Ntw0DZFNmYTNFb25PaEU)
	* [program scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ibWVWWUfAuZy-5JutGuWNtpVU7gC3QP2Wa3PD2BioYI/edit#heading=h.2jmhq5o0dc5d)
	* [tone/experience](https://docs.google.com/document/d/177tH8tdM-vCulCUMfjWaOh9zPIN9ySfgUOQraZaDr9A/edit#heading=h.gwnrce3sqkij)
* mentorship docs
	* [sunday](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ljuPK9EoWn0AayGRSJ9YiyKlNaqaSKPnPdYNqdHRXaA/edit#heading=h.7i965w93umu7)
	* [monday](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWZdM-vPwVP5wXyZ6_Ih5s83PxmYzIFJ9PlSHt-IoZs/edit#heading=h.7i965w93umu7)
	* [tuesday](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MaBbjCsG4y88sc7QPPL4_tD5HFksHjmGBTHEpyjjkgo/edit#heading=h.7i965w93umu7)
	* [wednesday](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DKXxv4fpuI2SJIg7gbguN582YJNzo76jJxPQXSMeusY/edit#heading=h.7i965w93umu7)

### 1/8/17
* posted book club [tweet chat event](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/bc-february-2016)
* wrote up book club [tweet chat blog](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/book-club-february)
* scheduled [graphic hunters trip in the netherlands](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia#lineNumber=5)
* wrote welcome message for [Middlebury Humanities Data in R Study group](https://rkclement.github.io/studyGroup/)
* added to leads and targets list
* updated website django and map
* updated [my checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia#lineNumber=5) for steph/zannah

### 1/9/17
* tweeted about open web fellows
* emailed Geoffrey at IBM about WOW in June and Call for Open Web Fellows hosting
* created [WOW invite list](https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/spreadsheets/d/1uOthF71gvKpScQ12JGkUcQOrxETg-GsgYCtWV3rqKJw/edit?usp=sharing)
* responded to Peter and asked for listservs
* made [space apps planning issue](https://github.com/sciencehackdayny/space-apps-17/issues/1) + repo with [gitter room](https://gitter.im/space-apps-17/Lobby#)
* [service now request for bruno](https://mozilla.service-now.com/sp?id=ticket&table=facilities_request&sys_id=c6113aacdb107e00be1b7d3ebf9619cd)

### 1/10/17
* AAAS Day 3
* updated study groups [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)
* retweeted Kirstie's global thinkers blog
* wrote to transcription professionals about invoice for Pamela
* processed Madeleines' reimbursement, updated [mini-grants sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sOYdt0euepHuBzwuIx_50GVl6kUHLEfTnJGqp-1PvFg/edit#gid=0)
* created [teach/learn spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LcExppK58z9-9-8WKU_xIZlTyVJwZUl_9InW_CG_Px4/edit?usp=sharing)

### 1/11/17
* updated [checkin for team](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-january-2017)
* invited Lauren Mack to our Community Call in February

### 1/12/17
* drafted [questions for the deal projekt](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/deal-pub-questions)

### 1/13/17 - 1/16/17
* worked through Friday [Community Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O0Im0k-Ta8QUUw1v_HfmQTX1FAOa6uJeLWAcNC90BKQ/edit#) listing
* filled out CEFP participation template
* added [new study group](https://jepa.github.io/studyGroup/) at UBC to map/site/leads/welcome message
* emailed questions for [DEAL Projekt](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/deal-pub-questions)
* blog for AAAS
* process receipts for Trellis
* updated a new study group welcome message [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)
* invited Bill Mills of [Geosprocket Art project](http://geosprocket.bigcartel.com/contact) of Mozilla Community Call
* [meteor showers visualization project](http://www.ianww.com/meteor-showers/)

### 1/17/17
* ran a successful GDI meetup last night, filled out Steph's form for the [GDI Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/236704335/)
* added ian webster to our visualization call next month
* invited Datatelling (Jen Lowe) to our community call about [this project](https://www.instagram.com/p/BPLPvbnDydo/) and [framed](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1353046055/framed-a-revolutionary-platform-for-digital-art)
* sent a video to vicki for his tamil nadu mozillians day
* made internal [presentation for mozilla science lab 101](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N3pkdKbMXBWTfRjeLOLHwJRl9UoxJ8qxSvEZaxfPPds/edit#slide=id.g1b940793bd_0_12)
* met with Zannah about Study Group Call tomorrow
* monthly internal call
* meeting 1:1 with Steph
* invited "[hey what's that](http://www.heywhatsthat.com/?view=VRQNN124)" to the community call
* science lab [checkin form here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-january-2017)
* closed a bunch of [study group issues](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup/issues)
* practiced talk for tomorrow with study groups
* submitted [.NET article to survey]
* fellows' planning meeting [workweek here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek-plan)

### 1/18/17
* study group early chat [notes here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/scicencelab-jan17-study-groups-1)
* added 6 new study groups to [leads sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)
* meeting with vanessa to prioritize [fellows' workweek](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek-plan)
* updated study group [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)
* some chatter in gitter for study groups
* posted [AAAS Blog](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/msl-aaas-cefp) added to [content calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18IACe9eSaDXkILieeQYmDHxCsM9pBNOqFFDtswzdG98/edit#gid=627543605) + [tweeted](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/status/821801715829710849)
* bought tickets and booked flights for ACM conference in Portland
* [fellows bi-weekly call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-jan18), updated [github issue](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/96)

### 1/19/17
* super early morning meeting with Chris Whong at the city
* study group video upload for yesterday's call
* updated [mexico city study group and welcome message](https://github.com/Heeled-Jim/studyGroup/issues/1)
* best study group [learning call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/scicencelab-jan17-study-groups-2)
* uploaded video of study group learning orientation sessions [1](https://youtu.be/5ivUUybWXzA) and [2](https://youtu.be/SaIQLOlwNmQ)
* reached out to contacts for the [internet health report hype plan from lainie](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RhGnRyfWcTGmpxPFwIgx4fLgwGAbykLuedaleoJOHF0/edit#gid=0)
* updated fellows [contact list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SBEKwAU-uECs5gXDYTzORpvUEmfxrEzcvpN1oDVf0dc/edit#gid=0) for lainie
* booked airbnb for ACM conference
* sent receipts to Anna for ACM reimbursement
* updated a bunch of study groups added to the site, leads list, and sent welcome messages
* blogged about the [internet health report](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/internet-health-report/) + tweeted
* wrote [FoxIOT blogpost]( https://science.mozilla.org/blog/sgs-viki-dhinakaran/)
* started prepping newsletter

### 1/20/17
* sent out WOW reminder email, made attendance, made [etherpad for next week's meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* updated [aurelia checkin doc](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* worked on [newsletter for January](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights#lineNumber=687)
* [rsvp'd for Montreal meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Montreal-Open-Reproducible-Science-Meetup/events/236725798/)
* [shared newsletter for January](http://tinyletter.com/sciencelab/letters/mozilla-science-newsletter-january-2017) + [tweeted](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/status/822517321117798400)
* approved Peter Kraker's excercise on [open knowledge maps](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hl0dkuxR-KDTscdx4ozJ2LgSlxQdyl7POm1i2WZeIn4/edit#) for study groups
* invite speakers to calendar event for Feb 16th
* invited Robby Kraft to Community Call reppping Space Apps and origami science
* fleshed out [call etherpad with some links](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-calls-feb16-2017)
* watch Kalpana's [Fluxx video](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B7FKQQVpUabKTmYyZnNwZGFTdmc)
* created [Fluxx Documentation Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B6_ZVUFx2WHHczRPSHFHUTRRaUE) updated documents and emailed Kalpana

### 1/23/16
* emailed peter about logistics for today
* meeting with steph for [1:1](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* finished fluent conference reviews
* emailed about Study Groups Africa wednesday meeting
* read through interview transcripts, marked good quotes for fellows
* updated [msl canned email](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19P_G3sJVoVv58YviHUlylMR3im18CJ0XblhXVRzjyW0/edit) with new links and programs
* created [hashtags doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B0v2udC9R7fhH_SJK7cXP3Px7WFKejvY3jLfej9sLyU/edit) for science lab, cross-linked with canned email
* posted hashtags on [trellis c4sci](https://www.trelliscience.com/#/discussions-about/13823/0/) to solicit more ideas
* positive comments from [onboarded study group leads](https://github.com/rkclement/studyGroup/issues/1#issuecomment-274565874)
* meeting with Zannah to discuss fellows' workweek curriculum plans on Wednesday, set etherpads
* made interest form for [tonight's meetup](https://goo.gl/forms/oU6TYP2qSHcF85Qq1)
* sent fellows choice quotes from interviews
* made overview of [fellows' workweek survey responses](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek-plan#lineNumber=62)
* sent workweek schedule to vanessa, compiled survey responses in planning pad
* open science meetup montreal

### 1/24/16
* worked on fellows' schedule
* stats on study groups for steph
* followup on Montreal meetup, contacts for the Notman House
* rescheduled meeting with Zannah
* reaffirmed [schedule](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek) for fellows' workweek with Vanessa
* send confirmation email to execs for fellows' workweek
* created repo and site for [fellows workweek](https://github.com/MozillaFoundation/2017-fellows-sf)
* updated [hashtag doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B0v2udC9R7fhH_SJK7cXP3Px7WFKejvY3jLfej9sLyU/edit#) with more hashtags
* added topics to [Thursday checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-jan26-2017)
* [updated doc for checkin today](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-january-2017)
* meeting with zannah about feb 3rd call for study groups, invited lou woodley to guest speak
* added new study groups to the leads and targets sheet

### 1/25/16
* vouched for Vicki on Mozillians
* woke up early for the [study group 2 orientation call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/scicencelab-jan17-study-groups-1)
* started working on [slides for the CSCW](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rO4jSw7kzDD1XHsRrV8RHdDcyNajQ35soQdu8ILqOEs/edit#slide=id.g1c2ccbea8a_0_68) conference
* meeting with [bianca + study group leads](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-africa)
* meeting with Zannah to go over [wow plans](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek-plan#lineNumber=221)
* sent bianca newsletter feature details for February
* met with Abby and Peter about WOW, setup regular WOW stands and meetings with everyone interested
* hosted [meeting on WOW](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* made [CSCW Presentation for ACM](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rO4jSw7kzDD1XHsRrV8RHdDcyNajQ35soQdu8ILqOEs/edit?usp=sharing)
* filled out [abby's mentor registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeMT93CXs_X1Yf91ZYTkbDnyFg8AE_DerPj4eAu2-V_JsgdMg/formResponse)

### 1/26/17
* cleaned up study group spreadsheet
* answered some interest questions for WOW
* created [WOW Event](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/working-open-workshop-march-2017)
* filled out [Data Privacy Day Mozilla Survey](https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/3317558/f870ff6d1d35)
* attended and contributed to [Study Group Orientation Call 2](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/scicencelab-jan17-study-groups-2)
* added checkin items to [monday checkin pad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* two hour [wow working meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* one hour [team checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-jan26-2017)
* responded to Lou about agenda for Feb 3rd Study Group call  
* created [wow repo](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017) + [site](https://mzl.la/2017wow) + [notes etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozwow-mar2017)
* forwarded email and responded to some inbox things
* email catchup
* meeting with joey

### 1/27/17
* created [Study Group Events Form](https://goo.gl/forms/ZTxdAx0jTxtefBfH3)
* created [Study Group Events Repo](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroupEvents)
* copied code over from clubs events, working out code bugs
* applied to [International Women's Day at Google](https://www.womentechmakers.com/iwd17)
* talk to alexei about expensify/travel bookings for mentors
* reached out to tega brain about mozilla community call
* worked more on params for study group events repo

### 1/30/17
* sent out [fellows call reminder](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-feb01)
* updated issue [fellows call](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/96)
* replied to Tega about speaking
* wrote to Arliss about our [WOW](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* made [wow montreal](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-wow-montreal-accommodations) suggestion
* emailed Arliss details for WOW accommodation and catering
* sent out reminder for Friday's Study Group Call
* added links to [study group call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-february-2017)
* [1:1 meeting with Steph](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* made presentation [template for wow session](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wuRl4exaT6wy7b_uZ66_qd6fPL1jaO2d5NN-lVbRC5w/edit#slide=id.g1088c5b110_0_149)
* emailed all fellows about their sessions next week
* fleshed out the [WOW Repo](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017) with the basic files [this issue](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017/issues/3)
* drafted new [email templates for participants](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vyd4sgPgq6eqdIp1szyOHiSR5ml425GWJN_pya9rvFM/edit)
* updated all forms in this [links list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kagw1w_mxgs8BfYjh-ZErAaSueHIf7Tfw80SWsCeWlI/edit) for wow RSVP/Pre/Post Surveys
	* WOW RSVP 2017: https://goo.gl/forms/lnuB4ZYT7Irp7MWF2
	* Pre-WOW Survey: https://goo.gl/forms/deDmu7ADS3RUkMn93
	* Post-WOW Survey: https://goo.gl/forms/mmjb2s0dfzGY2Cwj2
* setup [wow event with schedule](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/working-open-workshop-march-2017/schedule)

### 1/31/17
* setup cal invite for Global sprint meeting
* setup danielle's open con blog
* updated [blog content calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18IACe9eSaDXkILieeQYmDHxCsM9pBNOqFFDtswzdG98/edit#gid=627543605)
* emailed Alexei mentor names and started coordinating with Abby for the invites
* reviewed [mentee applications](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd9MZGRwbuvGH-bAgIjDaV3qk66ao85qEHrwcinIq5wV7POrw/formResponse) abby put together
* meeting with Berhan to discuss session for workweek
* published and tweeted [danielle's blog about Open Con](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/opencon-an-unexpected-journey)
* signed up for [network site meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TflhT4KhczJFIfFXcpr7QseGj52FkbF0Ahm0tHvFsnE/edit#)
* team [checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-january-2017)
* updated [wow agenda for checkin tomorrow](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW#lineNumber=132)

### 2/1/17
* [OLTS Screening](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QqvUtQQsfTGJMi7DurCbqs8ewF8PowpXGd43fJmOSQs/edit?ts=5890d5b0#gid=995464259)
* some logistics for the SF workweek plan
* working on getting through post-it plan for Dear Data
* promotions for the Study Group call
* contacts list for [fellows workweek](https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/spreadsheets/d/16uJYYe51sVxULcElg6FCnOMvYnZply9o1UBFN12yc-k/edit?usp=sharing)
* wrote back to Tanja from the Montreal meetup
* wrote back to event hosts for Notman
* updated [study group outreach list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)
* [wow meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW#lineNumber=133)
* [fellows meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-feb01)
* adjustments to the WOW template emails
* followup with Notman house on progress for venue booking

### 2/2/17
* lots of logistical email updates for WOW
* chat with flukeout about study group data
* went over fellows' workweek with steph and zannah in [work meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-20170202-minigrants-fellows)
* introduced steph to stef at rOpenSci
* wrote travel details to mentors from [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vyd4sgPgq6eqdIp1szyOHiSR5ml425GWJN_pya9rvFM/edit)
* met with zannah about WOW at fellows' workweek
* met with Matthew about the [mln site](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TflhT4KhczJFIfFXcpr7QseGj52FkbF0Ahm0tHvFsnE/edit#)
	* what are they joining
	* projects on our site--> projects on mln cytoscape?
* fixed [study group events](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroupEvents)
* emailed study group leads individually about their portions of the etherpad for tomorrow's call
* uploaded videos for zannah
* finished copy edit adjustments on book

### 2/3/17
* uploaded sg videos for zannah
* lots of email catchup with community members
* tweets about sg call this morning
* updated [team checkin etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-feb03-2017)
* updated [fellowship workweek etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek) with session notes + restos
* made developer roadshow posting for [March 16th](https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/237431725/)
* processed Sarah's feedback on the study group google form
* team meeting [here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-feb03-2017)
* checkin with marcia
* followup email to marcia
* flux documentation
* sent invites to all [wow participants](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uOthF71gvKpScQ12JGkUcQOrxETg-GsgYCtWV3rqKJw/edit#gid=0)
* sent recap to study group leads
* ask mcgill contacts about housing or travel booking rates: https://mcgill.ca/travelservices/
* created [march study group call etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-march-2017) add to [events](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/studygroup-call-march-03)
* updated [community call](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/community-call-feb-16-11-et) with speakers list event and tweeted!
* sorted all slidedecks to the [shared drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B6_ZVUFx2WHHYkNobW9WRU1TVDA)
* uploaded another [study group video](https://youtu.be/LHTsWHhg68I)
* updated social component of [schedule](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek)

### 1/4/17
* Danielle sent invite to Karissa of Dat
* met with Vanessa
* emailed about Ritika's booking info for Notman
* wrote to jofish about grants
* wrote welcome email to new study group lead
* eyeo [nonprofit application](https://eyeo.wufoo.com/forms/eyeo-2017-nonprofit-fellowship-application/)

### 1/5/17
* made set of [workweek emails](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18XC9VRp2jm8a3TBodVvAU2eCoSDqY_g4zFE2kkH7sxQ/edit)
* sent to vanessa for approval
* added more resources to [newsletter doc](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights#lineNumber=582)
* put together a [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mXMt4c-dF6dRr8iC2fc6mxOpKsNbY3V2Eb92sCVUg7E/edit#slide=id.g1c69f9d373_0_140)
* put together [goals exercise](https://gist.github.com/auremoser/9461e9ea62c5b3d7b87794158db4342c)

### 2/6/17
* kicked off fellows' workweek
* project call
* some email logistics for WOW
* created [orchid ID](orcid.org/0000-0003-1496-7303)
* registered for RDA
* booked travel for RDA
* updated [leads and targets with new study group person](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)

### 2/7/17-2/9/17
* booked travel for Montreal
* reminded all invitees to reply for scholarships for WOW
* emailed eduardo about wow
* uploaded final presentation for hackworkshop
* joined slack
* tweeted bruno's blog
* posted [mozwow](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/working-open-in-montreal) blog
* setup [WOW materials](https://mozillafoundation.github.io/2017-fellows-sf/wow/index.html) for tomorrow's exercise.
* lots of emails and logistics
* working with Amel on [h3abionet materials](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N3pkdKbMXBWTfRjeLOLHwJRl9UoxJ8qxSvEZaxfPPds/edit#slide=id.g1c7d09b560_1_49)
* updatd presentation for [amel's H3abionet series](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N3pkdKbMXBWTfRjeLOLHwJRl9UoxJ8qxSvEZaxfPPds/edit#slide=id.g1c7d09b560_1_49)
* x org meeting
* fellows sessions
* posted [GDI event for March 16th](https://www.meetup.com/girldevelopit/events/237431725/)
* added [Hive NYC Fund celebration](https://www.paperlesspost.com/events/22624017-c64d5a30/replies/352673319-a2891c02/public?attending_with_guests=false&extended_rsvp=false&mkey=YXVyZWxpYUBtb3ppbGxhZm91bmRhdGlvbi5vcmc%3D&replied=true&scroll_to=additional_questions&skip_ios_takeover=true&utm_campaign=rsvp_nenv&utm_medium=email&utm_source=event) to agenda for feb 22nd.

##2/11/17
* emailed with Gary on his awesome [Future of Research post](http://www.ascb.org/compass/compass-points/who-should-be-training-trainees-on-reproducibility-and-ethics/) + [tweet](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/status/830482195189882881)
* published [blog post](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/community-call-feb-16-11et) on the community call
* talk to jlin about air mozilla setup for community call
* what they want wow to be - in fellows checkin
* checkin with teon - march for science blog

## 2/13/17
* chat with Vanessa about next steps
* email kalpana - fluxx updates for new fellowship
* email sandra about march mozilla developer event
* created [fellows post-workweek survey](https://goo.gl/forms/un674Zk32DGfhIpp2)
* submitted an AirMozilla request via JLIN for ocmmunity call [here](https://mozilla.service-now.com/sp?id=ticket&table=sc_req_item&sys_id=12855227133cf600472ed2f18144b01d)
* call with kt
* updated WOW invite with [open science meetup CFP](https://www.meetup.com/Montreal-Open-Reproducible-Science-Meetup/events/237683564/?eventId=237683564)
* updated [call archives](https://wiki.mozilla.org/ScienceLab/Calls#Call_archives)

## 2/14/17
* approved abby's [epic pull request](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017/pull/4)
* posted teon's March for Science [blog](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/sciencemarch) via [tweet](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/sciencemarch)
* created [open media ama](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/open-media-ama) etherpad for folks
* reached out to Hong and Pietro
* updated [wow checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW#lineNumber=140) with notable updates
* reminder to thursday speakers for community call sent, tweeted all but michael since I'm not sure he will be able to join
* send travel invites to extra wow attendees flagged by abby
* updated arliss on catering situation for WOW, or help needed :)
* updated etherpad with upcoming events and activities: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-calls-feb16-2017
* checkin with Jofish about mini-grants vs research grants
* checkin with [team](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-february-2017)
* uploaded photos to [fellows' workweek dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/home/MOZILLA/2017-Workweek-SF)
* meeting with Azza about h3abionet stuff and checking sound for thursday
* sent [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rO4jSw7kzDD1XHsRrV8RHdDcyNajQ35soQdu8ILqOEs/edit?usp=sharing) to ACM workshop collaborators
* tweeted and gdi newsletter'd Equal Ratings Conf for Amira
* updated [newsletter link list](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights#lineNumber=772)
* considering/brainstorming april community call on Trust networks

## 2/15/17
* meeting with Amel about Pasteu Collab
* meeting with Kalpana, set new date for 4/4/17
* meeting with Vanessa about blog post
* merged abby's pr about jason on wow site
* emailed amel and antonio about pasteur institute
* attended all hands call
* wrapped [draft blog post on fellows' workweek](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JclU9ElFTR1sQvo8Spi_noxZ1SGgXcnumwjlUmjHXyc/edit)
* sent email reminder to all community for community call, copied into gitter chat, tweeted
* [fellows call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-feb15)
* [wow checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* [wow meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* add links to community call
* set blog to post
* talk to steph about institut pasteur
* write up bios for tomorrow's community call

## 2/16/17
* meeting about [MLN Global Sprint](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/MLNSprint-2017)
* updated [sf workweek repo](https://github.com/mozillafoundation/2017-fellows-sf) with flagged items, emailed J
* scheduled [pasteur institute meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JRacjjPQkVgO9rN3YZnQcMR4LR24qdrfanvhJVhSRWA/edit#) updated [1:1](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* updated [blog content calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18IACe9eSaDXkILieeQYmDHxCsM9pBNOqFFDtswzdG98/edit#gid=627543605) with new blogs
* updated [newsletter](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights) with new links
* community call [etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-calls-feb16-2017)
* tweeted call, sent thank you notes to speakers
* Book Club - tweet chat invite
	* email fellows
	* presidents day
* updated [leads and targets for amit's study group](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)
* started Book Club [Brainstorming document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ww0ga-FDjca2eSwyxBqQZOoLjKcVsOZhqDU_iQPePbE/edit#)
* review kirstie's blog : https://github.com/KirstieJane/fellows-class-2016/blob/master/kirstie/blog/blog-mozillaforturing-KW.md
* tweeted my book
* updated [metrics etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-call-participants) with calls
* created a website event for the April 13th community call + [etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-calls-apr13-2017)
* closed some plan repo issues
* wrote hana back about a workshop

## 2/17/17
* reclosed issue [#551](https://github.com/mozilla/science.mozilla.org/issues/551#issuecomment-280558644) from contributor on science site
* gave a guest talk to the h3a bionet community 
	* 19 people attended
	* thank you sent to azza and amel
* updated book chat time
* emailed joe about open con location and times
* forwarded space apps details to Stuart
* meeting with Philip about Newsies [plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/173IY-QNS3YhGZBaALBRi-B09lGXaS5M1FyxqEaZT0W8/edit?ts=58a7193e)
* [team meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-feb17-2017)
* filled out team activity form for h3abionet
* tell fellows their doing a 3 min lightning talk at the montreal meetup
* scheduled fellowships [design debrief](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellowship-design) etherpad meeting 2/22
* Copied former survey and add to to template emails
	* make sure dietary restriction question
	* If we communicate to all WOW attendees please mention:
	* gitter chat room
	* all their names are on the WOW website. PR or email to make changes https://mozillascience.github.io/WOW-2017/
* made new issue for [Study Group Call](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/105)
* made new issue for [Community Call](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/106)
* [metrics chat](../projects/17-02-metrics-ihr.md)* update interview template with philips' questions, pinged him in the doc

## 2/19/17
* prep book club tweet questions [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ww0ga-FDjca2eSwyxBqQZOoLjKcVsOZhqDU_iQPePbE/edit#)
* interview with pietro for [on ama](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/open-media-ama)
* [teon's pr](https://github.com/mozilla/science.mozilla.org/pull/573)

## 2/20/17
* email catchup
* study group intro email [logged here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit)
* made [study groups africa pad for tomorrow's checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-africa#lineNumber=11)
* RSVP for 'Open Data: the researcher perspectiveâ€™ in Barcelona
* logged new india [study group here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)
* invited Zara + Seamus to our April 13th community call
* added comment about [teon's march for science blog](https://www.trelliscience.com/#/discussions-about/14226/) to Trellis discussion on the march for science
* sent hao and zannah survey email for WOW
* side chat with [Maulik Soneji](https://gitter.im/Mastermaulik) about how study group repo works, very productive :)
* updated [AMA doc with notes from Pietro's interview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mO7QCubF9Je4Gs_VugwLi7UWLh52_YgtxogDmVzRk4k/edit)
* made [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Ka9uoSvx7xlK4z8N1Vkm5xDUFLQ90_u_ssMQ66LMByQ/edit#gid=85710639) for fellows tax/travel tracking
* setup schedule for next week's [fellows call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-mar01)
* updated [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rO4jSw7kzDD1XHsRrV8RHdDcyNajQ35soQdu8ILqOEs/edit#slide=id.g1b1bae65d2_0_351) with more details
* [1:1 with steph](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* meeting with JPL
* meeting with Lou
* meeting with Space Apps

## 2/21/17
* scheduled meeting with another news fellow interviewee
* emailed some folks about restaurant recommendations for montreal
* meeting on fellowship design
* made some basic [applicant stats](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uOthF71gvKpScQ12JGkUcQOrxETg-GsgYCtWV3rqKJw/edit#gid=1147769210) for Arliss
* invited Lucy to our next WOW
* emailed abigail philips about document overview
* helped out with Hive event

## 2/22/17
* pasteur [mini-wow meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JRacjjPQkVgO9rN3YZnQcMR4LR24qdrfanvhJVhSRWA/edit#)
* updated Zannah about WOW
* invited Chrystian to WOW
* accepted Open Media AMA - Andrea Nelson Mauro's interview request
* updated [1:1](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia) with pasteur plan
* booked travel for mozretreat
* booked airbnb for RDA
* work meeting with team on wow curriculum
* Aurelia to setup website handout templates -> ping zannah to update templates
* Aurelia to send emails to Birds of a Feather: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW-curriculum#lineNumber=41

## 2/23/17
* meeting on open media interview with Hong
* prepping the newsletter for february 2017
* [newsletter](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-week-in-review-monthly-highlights#lineNumber=772)
* team [call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-feb24-2017)
* getting ready for portland
* created [bof pad for heather and hao](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-bof-software)
* flights for Mozretreat booked

## 2/25/17
* worked on notes for CSCW, prepped presentation
* attended [Hackworshop on Time-bounded events](https://hackathon-workshop.github.io/)
* reconnected with Stefanie Butland of ROpenSci
* wrote back to Sarah about recommendations for Mozfest Wranglers
* filled out [team activities form](https://docs.google.com/a/mozillafoundation.org/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdudfgIx5RopjoaH8MRxiQ-iN5NaQhsadeOVt3DXfEJ8q82dg/viewform) for cscw and for the [paper we wrote](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3022658)
* updated schedule for [wow 2017](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/working-open-workshop-march-2017/schedule)
* [gdi nyc meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/u/2/d/1uGz-P1GQYTvVhYhU9qOxYFfhXEKP7l6cMfmquTwhkrU/edit)
* tensorflow notes in projects/
* wrote to a new study group in manchaester
* wrote to Open Media AMA 
* watched town hall on acquisition
* sent a bunch of emails
* added women to the [IWD talks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X7Ir8qiZGz39CVSrqgOt6i52mYphLIiH9I0EZ8fzP78/edit) + [w4w doc](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/w4w)
* wrote recommendation for Suchana's research grant, Sucheta's, Lauren's

## 2/26/17
* emailed speakers for Community panel for zannah
* remind fellows of wednesday call
* made doctor's appointments
* remind study groups of Friday call (listserv)
* lunch with mentee
* [filled out team checkin pad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-february-2017)
* reviewed electives for Zannah
* reviewed community building questions
* added a new [study group fork](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0) to leads/targets
* reimbursements for hackworkshop
* updated [study group call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-march-2017) with links and toolsets for journal clubs

## 2/27/17

* outreach to open news interview fellows
	* Sonya
	* Marcos
	* Juan
	* Nicola
	* Kavya
	* Manuel
	* Livia
* [1:1 checkin with steph](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* interview with Andrea for [Open Media Interviews](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mO7QCubF9Je4Gs_VugwLi7UWLh52_YgtxogDmVzRk4k/edit)
* updated Fellows' content for Lainie's [People Site](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rwNFjojmnOHkctAIAin9Pd_rxziscGJBSWi-z2S6Bg4/edit#gid=486011988)
* stuff for MLN site for lainie
* messaged V about fellows page on MLN site
* tweeted about Study Group Learning call Friday!
* [fellows call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-mar01)
* [wow checkin meeting](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* MLN site photos shared with Sabrina
* lots of emails to JLIN and others for printer tests and stuff tomorrow
* rsvp'd to [insights team checkin](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fnh7_OnZGhr5pknWkO9gPKT7gsir03QQZraRyiflxGs/edit#)

## 3/2/17
* [study grouper feedback](https://github.com/kajabfab/studyGroup/issues/1#issuecomment-283582064)
* community tweets
* updated the newsletter
*  invited [Global South e-Health Observatory](http://www.odess.io/contact-confirmation.html) to our community call
* rsvp'd to gsoc [as a mentor](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/dashboard/organization/6421332469219328/members/?sp-role=2)
* trouble shot printer stuff for jlin
* added seamus and sucheta to the [community call for april](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-calls-apr13-2017#lineNumber=99)
* [mozilla culture survey](https://mozilla.cultureamp.com/responses/58b766c0db4d083864001aa4)
* updated some study group listing in the leads/targets 
* emailed all study groups about journal club call tomorrow
* remind study groups of Friday call (individual/gitter)

## 3/3/17
* reached out to Grinder for restaurant booking
* sent out 2 wow logistics emails for mentors/mentees
* met with team for [wow checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-2017-WOW)
* made [wow twitter list](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/lists/wow2017) and updated website accordingly
* tweeted about study group call
* reviewed [media hub senior leaders proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ssIRgk2Sui55a95Fv9isSdAb6b0rO3rGJV-4hYgLjFI/edit?ts=58b8f555)
* sent marcos the newsletter invite
* uploaded Study Groups [video recording](https://youtu.be/nPmP5iqWlKw)
* created [etherpad for april study group call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-april-2017)
* added mgalland/studyGroup to study group list, reached out via issues, updated website and map
* prepped prework for tensorflow workshop tomorrow
* added [event for april 7th study group call](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/studygroup-call-april-07)
* updated wow site for arliss' participation and some etherpads for the sessions
* added an [issue for slides](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017/issues/12)
* updated [call participant metrics](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-call-participants)
* [new issue for study group call in april](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/107)
* finished content mockup for [mln page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TPs2OKTtow4rVj8R8n0Lqy7tlP4Q18h3vTMBG6j4yoM/edit#heading=h.ei4fqde0qb2)

## 3/4/17
* [women tech makers](https://sites.google.com/site/iwd2017nyc/)
* [tensor flow](https://github.com/random-forests/WTM) workshop
* march 3 deadline for [mln site content](https://github.com/mozilla/network/issues/84#event-971464830)
* two more open media ama scheduling arrangements
* submitted a [pr to Field guide to Open Source](https://github.com/OpenNewsLabs/field-guide-open-source-newsroom/pull/54)
* filled out [cscw conference survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe3E3DwQ5sgCjBC_l9LSgeytxylVdpGtPEEbOgyZYI9eWBr1w/viewform?c=0&w=1)
* remind other community to pitch talks for [montreal meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Montreal-Open-Reproducible-Science-Meetup/events/237683564/)

## 3/6/17
* posted twitter book club [tweet](https://twitter.com/MozillaScience/status/838777581063274498)
* some wow logistics
* open media interviews today, 5 of them!
* plugged ROpenSci in our commmunity and study groups chats
* some gsoc prep/template emails
* feedback on [space apps survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/Preview/?sm=lf9ogVGFhPAHlVIBGglUUSJZTtCh7pfmRVEWh7Pcqpn5kFjwQ8JUQONPidBsLRZ2)
* fixed up [hype plan](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/hype-2017-fellowships) with real dates
* approved teon's travel for GOSH
* some science site pr management [via ra](https://github.com/mozilla/science.mozilla.org/issues/593)
* meeting with [chris](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-mar06-2017)
* reviewing documents for abigail
	* [application questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Il-jeTAAcUJv39Kfnzdn3RbfLPD3IyI_ExLNwYjhG8I/edit#)
	* [landing page-website](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BDlCisxuNhsehU-ycef624Hef-ykL-SbMGebG-L3O_g/edit#)
	* [landing page-screendoor](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5YTMnC23gNWei2W1vtlbDVC8gKLOHdZiw3lNWDoQXw/edit#)
	* [planning doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19EtvGLdowOMsHaiU2LawF3MFtGjVd3TSWP7zLAwsspo/edit#)
	* [faq](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o57E1ZBLezWxENbPSDuUG2sdGUYnhrZsAUJgyItlDbo/edit#)
	* [stipend doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BSf27k67axgKv9dwTgx7hcOuP6HQ5NpZ6cINZ223HCk/edit)

## 3/7/17
* merged [css change into study group lesson cards](https://github.com/mozilla/science.mozilla.org/pull/594#pullrequestreview-25525651)
* bought book club for April
* expense reports
* wrote [blog post on cscw](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/msl-cscw)	
	* all [papers](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0BwBVENCw-KfDS29oSHg0UjdrbVU)
	* all [workshops](https://cscw.acm.org/2017/program/workshops.php)
	* workshop [schedule/site](https://hackathon-workshop.github.io/)
	* presentation for [msl](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rO4jSw7kzDD1XHsRrV8RHdDcyNajQ35soQdu8ILqOEs/edit#slide=id.g1c2ccbea8a_0_0)
* coordinating lightning talks with Peter + Fellows
* PR to [field guide to open source](http://fieldguide.opennews.org/)
* docs for abigail, reviewed and fixed up for tomorrow's meeting
* created [global sprint placeholder](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/global-sprint-2017)
* interviewed kavya for Open News
* made [data camp site](https://mzl.la/spacecamp) and [space apps site](https://github.com/sciencehackdayny/sciencehackday.nyc) with Stuart and Robby

## 3/8/17
* CSCW conference survey
* [1:1 meeting with steph](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* updated [space apps website](https://github.com/sciencehackdayny/sciencehackday.nyc) and data camp with typo corrections and new dates
* meeting with Abigail about legal docs
* completed [cscw survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/YSVDY28)
* updated [mln site text](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TPs2OKTtow4rVj8R8n0Lqy7tlP4Q18h3vTMBG6j4yoM/edit)
* network strength [presentation meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fnh7_OnZGhr5pknWkO9gPKT7gsir03QQZraRyiflxGs/edit#)
* open news interview with marcos
* updated leads and targets [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0) with new fork
* meeting with abby about legal docs
* staged wow intro email
* reviewed this [website PR](https://github.com/mozilla/api.mozillascience.org/pull/76#pullrequestreview-25888803)
* fixed up [readme lessons](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19yIld1etX0kzRY3PqjbymVzCi2lyW90i44jLmHeoGPw/edit#slide=id.g1cc5838e01_0_0) for WOW
* followup with marcos on community management options
* commented issue for [mln site](https://github.com/mozilla/network/issues/111#issuecomment-285217229)

## 3/9/17-3/11/17
* start of WOW
* last minute stuff and packing for Montreal
* [updated pr for akshat](https://github.com/mozilla/api.mozillascience.org/pull/76#pullrequestreview-26110851)
* emails and stuff
* emailed brooklyn office about meeting next week
* started WOW
* submitted PR changes to [os field guide for open news](https://github.com/OpenNewsLabs/field-guide-open-source-newsroom/pull/54#issuecomment-284923805)
* made [dev roadshow website](https://github.com/mozilla/devroadshow2017)
* [readme](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19yIld1etX0kzRY3PqjbymVzCi2lyW90i44jLmHeoGPw/edit#slide=id.g1cc5838e01_0_0) presentation
* submitted service request for business cards
* responded to a gsoc student from brazil

## 3/13/17
* reschedule w/ steph for meeting
* dev rel preparations for thursday's meetup
* applied via sandra for [sponsorship](mzl.la/devevents) for a talk in Seattle
* monthly [internal call](https://air.mozilla.org/monthly-internal-call-march-2017/)
* ritika thank you!
* invited paul to bi-weekly fellows' call
* created etherpad for [fellows call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-mar15) updated [issue 97](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/96)
* created the [book club event](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/bc-april-2017) for april 17th
* created graphic for [book club](http://i.imgur.com/zHjpUVf.png) with unsplash
* drafted [blog post announcement](https://mozscienceblog.wpengine.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=3991&action=edit) to go out on March 14th for book club

## 3/14/17
* pi day!
* feedback on SG Events issue
* posted book club blog
* met with students on rockaway sustainability project
* wrote back to luis from Brazil
* Sandra can't come to the workshop
* [1:1 with Steph](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* [team checkin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-march-2017)
* [space apps planning call](https://hackpad.com/As-much-time-as-you-need-sSktlUAaZnQ)
* put together [slides for christie's RQM course](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TV9iWrmqQ8IqalMnnj9L3swKAIxKerC_vv4-PnOZGoc/edit#slide=id.g1b3e5f01f7_0_283)
* wrote up [wow blog draft](https://mozscienceblog.wpengine.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=3996&action=edit) to go up tomorrow
* thank yous to rizwan
* thank yous to eduardo (mcgill)

## 3/15/17
* messed wow attendees about issue template
* sent along [githugs](https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017/issues)
* tweeted about [mozwow](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/2017-wow-wrap-up) blog post
* space apps 1 min video for matt
* rescheduled open news checkin with livia
* gsoc student correspondence
* [fellows' call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-mar15)
* [setup wow debrief](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-debrief)
* completed [space apps website draft](https://api-2017.spaceappschallenge.org/admin/pages/170/edit/)

## 3/16/17
* Wrap-up staff email: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-staffmail
* Blog
	* Open Con: https://science.mozilla.org/blog/mozfellows-at-opencon-sf
	* Book Club: https://science.mozilla.org/blog/book-club-april
	* WOW: https://science.mozilla.org/blog/2017-wow-wrap-up
* science lab [staff call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-mar16-2017)
* gsoc student responses, added [new study group](https://github.com/Sheryl96/studyGroup/)
* reviewed [origin story videos](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B-9OH_KgSSPxdTVMeUo5RkpXU00) for zannah
* tweet [arthur's pull request](https://github.com/auremoser/sg-events/pull/3)
* global sprint [planning doc](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-20170316-GlobalSprint)
* staff email drafted to send, with photos [wow-staff](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-staffmail)
* scheduled 3 tweets for [book club in april](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/book-club-april)
* hao's photos added to flickr
* wrote to vanessa about june workday
* wrote kirstie about travel approval
* printed prep sheets for tonights' meetup
* ordered food for tonight's meetup 
* review [open media interviews](https://docs.google.com/document/d/173IY-QNS3YhGZBaALBRi-B09lGXaS5M1FyxqEaZT0W8/edit?ts=58a7193e#heading=h.t1mzr7ejq6r7) + [interview text](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/open-media-ama) + [summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mO7QCubF9Je4Gs_VugwLi7UWLh52_YgtxogDmVzRk4k/edit)
* sent email to chris and philip wrapping up news interviews
* updated [study group applicants](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)

## 3/20/17
* booked airbnb for seattle
* filled out [1:1](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia)
* meeting with antonio for Pasteur institute collab
* study group africa [checkin etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozilla-studygroup-leads-africa#lineNumber=11) and email sent
* wow [debrief](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-debrief)
* reviewed [api pull request and merged changes](https://github.com/mozilla/api.mozillascience.org/pull/76)
* wrote to mavis about ideal setup for Global Sprint Network Pulse
* updated [team call etherpad for tomorrow](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-mar23-2017)
* checkin with teon about WOW
* project call [internet health here](https://air.mozilla.org/mozilla-weekly-project-meeting-20170320/)
* worked on catering options for sandra
* reached out to [Jon Hill](https://www.software.ac.uk/jon-hill) about community call
* global sprint:
	* staged blog post
	* made [site form](https://goo.gl/forms/zNRK6HkbV7ZY7G982)
	* made [project form](https://goo.gl/forms/7CFn1FYHBPiWzvLE2)
	* made [swag form](https://goo.gl/forms/xGM4hjYUIlLB5IGn1)
* added some new [study groups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)

### WOW 2017 Montreal
* [attendance for meetup](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sA-H6f6GEkJWjyHQVqfUiAAKM-cmWc8EjwGzMs-42VU/edit#gid=0)
* [event](https://science.mozilla.org/programs/events/working-open-workshop-march-2017)
* [RSVP for mixer](https://www.meetup.com/Montreal-Open-Reproducible-Science-Meetup/events/237683564/?eventId=237683564)
* [website](https://mzl.la/2017wow)
* [leadership training overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eB_RDPuk1ecQ_LylpyFJT7WhyEiKCXySpy-3jv9X3Gw/present?slide=id.p)
* [Community Building Panel](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-community-building)
* [Birds of a Feather Funding](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-wow-bof-funding)
* [mini grant release announcement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rc2PL68nvXhftzBXwwv7E2m11ktSvTup1AwQPglE1ig/edit?ts=58c36251)
* [template emails](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vyd4sgPgq6eqdIp1szyOHiSR5ml425GWJN_pya9rvFM/edit#)
* etherpad notes: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mozwow-feb2016
* twitter list: https://twitter.com/mozillascience/lists/WOW2017
* issues: https://github.com/mozillascience/WOW-2017/issues

## 3/21/17
* meeting with Philip about Open News objectives
* fixed curriculum for SVA students
* working on [GSOC guide repo](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup-GSOC)
* fixed [DevRoadshow Website](https://github.com/mozilla/devroadshow2017) bugs
* submitted receipts for Dev Roadshow
* reviewed Teon's travel and WOw plans
* reviewed Danielle's [WOW summary doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vBstw_qGkYDM4mFsXGw5YEnmk-hm3JY67AfG0WWZ4XY/edit)
* fixed some issues with Space Apps team
* added more [study group forks](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BzyS1UJvAj68HQx6xCinQTikCnKaI-T9nXx_LC714yA/edit#gid=0)
* filled out [software challenges survey](https://challenges.tech/thanks)
* updated [team checkin doc for wednesday](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-mar23-2017)
* updated [team checkin doc for today](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-checkins-march-2017)
* [wow austin](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/WOW-Austin-planning) planning meeting
* added gitter for gsoc
* added dev roadshow [presentation to repo](https://github.com/mozilla/devroadshow2017)
* updated [dev roadshow with new things](https://github.com/mozilla/devroadshow2017)
* signed up for Brooklyn Public Library session for community call: Kahn Humanities Lecture: Bill McKibben april 3rd
* reach out to Bill McKibben and [Jon Hill](https://www.software.ac.uk/blog/2017-03-09-gulf-between-open-science-movement-and-academics) for our Community Call

## 3/22/17
* reached out to elisha about trust on the community call
* mentoring meeting with Marlyn from SVA
* updated [study groups spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fPKqnY8OtH2tMk028dbnwvwntt1SlNQhf_pgMO3kW9s/edit#gid=1099487764)
* followup with imentor
* scheduling for saturday Dev Roadshow at General Assembly	
* made [gsoc student list](https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/spreadsheets/d/1NyN1wRAdJoP70inMvVb8ugC9X_0o1cK26j-ic9XiAdg/edit?usp=sharing) from those who have contacted me
* [recap](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-feb-book-club) from twitter chat [draft tweets here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ww0ga-FDjca2eSwyxBqQZOoLjKcVsOZhqDU_iQPePbE/edit#)
* GSOC x send to all applicants (currently I have about 6 in the queue for review)
* GSOC x add gitter for gsoc
* responded to [network pulse issue](https://github.com/mozilla/network-pulse/issues/438)
* GSOC issues
	* [map](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup-GSOC/issues/3)
* added to [strategy retreat documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q1HTooVbNpdzT6G06czD1oR_YGU5rfynT86x4n49bxk/edit)
* added feedback to the [okr template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lW0lsoRxurVcSItXiygz_UxOwSrP_DxaNK1OZRU2Drc/edit#gid=668133401)
* updated 1:1 [doc](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1_1_Aurelia) with OKR questions
* created [issues](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup-GSOC/issues) for GSOC project
* created annoucement blog in wp for the gsoc project
* sent along updates to staff about GSoC
* updated [blog content calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18IACe9eSaDXkILieeQYmDHxCsM9pBNOqFFDtswzdG98/edit#gid=627543605)
* invited amber from AAAS and DataOne to speak on our community call

## 3/23/17
* requested [changes](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup/pull/73#pullrequestreview-28658986)
* asked matthew to share network pulse form for matching
* feedback to steph on okrs and hubs
* gsoc [blog post](https://science.mozilla.org/blog/sg-gsoc-2017/) up
* sent gsoc blog post on twitter
* sent out gsoc, fellowships, global sprint announcement in Community Gitter
* remove form logo from GS forms
* sent fellows interview invites to Mike, Ben, Manuel, Lisa, Harlo
* reviewed Anamika's PR for a readme in Hindi for Study Groups
* emailed Livia about the open news interviews

## 3/24/17
* merged 2 pull requests for the study groups project
* drafted email to jon
* met with zannah about [global sprint](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-AM-ZM-sprint)
* tweeted about OK_Maps
* responded to Kevin and his [mini-WOW](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bBYA9vqtbJToDkH-2Ksq198qZgrp79g4re7vrVKKT00/edit?ts=58d436c5) Boston
* news pull request for [sg-events](https://github.com/auremoser/sg-events/pull/5) from Arthur
* updated [hashtags doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B0v2udC9R7fhH_SJK7cXP3Px7WFKejvY3jLfej9sLyU/edit) for #mozsprint
* reviewed more improvements to our [study groups documentation](https://github.com/mozillascience/study-group-orientation/pull/31#pullrequestreview-28998045) via Amarika!

## 3/27/17
* lots of gsoc emails
* air mo meeting on Nicole Wong for board
* eye doctors' appointment

## 3/28/17
* made [fellows call](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-science-fellows-mar29)
* filled out MozRetreat doodle
* meeting with zannah and abby
* meeting about austin wow with abby and robert
* 1:1 meeting with steph
* open news interview with Manuel
* open news interview with Ben
* invited Janna Levin to community call based on trust salon from last night
* updated [interview for open news documents](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mO7QCubF9Je4Gs_VugwLi7UWLh52_YgtxogDmVzRk4k/edit#)

## 3/29/17
* worked with Kevin on promoting the [productivity acticle](https://superyesmore.com/productivity-hacks-for-keeping-on-track-fc694633ff57184fcf2cf635124617b4)
* meeting with Marlyne on Sea Level Rise project, HiTide
* added [portuguese translation issue to Study Groups](https://github.com/mozillascience/studyGroup/issues/76)
* removed hidden file from base repo
* reviewing GSOC proposals
* reviewed mini-grants doc for steph
* shared presentation templates with Kevin
* prepared swag pack for Kevin
* wrote proposal for [srccon](https://srccon.org/sessions/proposals/thanks/) submitted!

## 3/30/17
* comments on [Kirstie's travel doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fevJPTd-J_dnEDajKQfseKGHCVzbJz0PCCB52UxWxTc/edit)
* gsoc student proposal feedback and logging in [gsoc spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NyN1wRAdJoP70inMvVb8ugC9X_0o1cK26j-ic9XiAdg/edit#gid=0)
* wrote to Mike Hoye about GSOC eligibility
* sent invite to check in on Mozretreat with Kirstie
* team call [here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-teamcalls-mar30-2017)
* responded to [abby's comments in the fellowship faq](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1o57E1ZBLezWxENbPSDuUG2sdGUYnhrZsAUJgyItlDbo/edit#)
* responded to [abby's comments in screendoor landing page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5YTMnC23gNWei2W1vtlbDVC8gKLOHdZiw3lNWDoQXw/edit#heading=h.z27769jbcosl)
* responded to [abby's comments in main landing page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BDlCisxuNhsehU-ycef624Hef-ykL-SbMGebG-L3O_g/edit#heading=h.8y8hsxv4uxe8)
* updated [application questions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Il-jeTAAcUJv39Kfnzdn3RbfLPD3IyI_ExLNwYjhG8I/edit#)

TO DOS

* mozfest planning invite to kirstie
* respond to Danielle's science and societies survey: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScHJGxXuQRAzq4CHME07NOJFityl_gkuXpjZz4WGxfrKJ-zOg/viewform?c=0&w=1
* final survey for danielle added to our community call update
* send zannah materials for tito
* get back to image providers with book
* create schedule for SA mini-wow and fellows offboarding - https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-20170322-WOW-SA
* write to c4sci slack about possible community speakers for call
* update site with fellowship dates for next round


* put together Global Sprint announcement (may 1st deadline)
	* hub leads suggest 5 project in an issue
	* reach out to project leads to fill out netpulse form
	* issue template
	* network pulse site clone
	* last minute projects are issues
	* [notes here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-work-20170316-GlobalSprint)

* open research list from gitter? open data repo issue
	* [why open research](http://whyopenresearch.org/)
	* [challenges to open research and how to respond](https://github.com/mozillascience/open-data-training/blob/master/Materials/Handouts/ODChallengesQI.md)
	* http://www.nature.com/news/five-ways-consortia-can-catalyse-open-science-1.21706
		Five ways to openness:
			1) Build out from the middle
			2) Forge a shared vision
			3) Accommodate diverse, changing interests
			4) Multiply impacts
			5) Co-evolve
	* Erin McKieren
	* open data curriculum
* blog post on interviews to hype for fellows applications
* review + integrate changes from [fellows' design debrief](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellowship-design)
* assess space apps planning [kit](https://speakerdeck.com/nasa/space-apps-event-planning-kit) for data camp


## TO STUDY

* look up about:telemetry, make notes about options, see notes from Friday meeting for suggestions
* propose talk on Managing Insecurity: how to build a safe, sturdy, and sustainable team
* fix SGO site
* check survey for [fellows' workweek](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2017-fellows-workweek)
* get stats for gitter chats
* fork visulization repo and add etherpads
* followup on this [nerdcator integration task](https://github.com/auremoser/nerdcator/issues/8#event-854736201)
* work on [MSL gantt chart](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/80#issuecomment-258522001)


## OVER BREAK
* figure out [communication plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j2vaRCxoRIVxKj7O52lj5A8XVk0Qobo53fYy2rg6hUg/edit#)
* [revisit fellows' exercises](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/94)
* [ga issue](https://github.com/MozillaFoundation/mofo-devops/issues/418)
* update [regional spreadsheet of contacts](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mV1D9EsHiyhsc2XrTKhEE2Sx8RZ9erV--_jMSCo31JA/edit#gid=0)
* create quarterly [fellows' reflection survey](https://goo.gl/forms/tpHYKYTykaY7QH5n2) and send results to advisors to start dialog


### OTHER TECH
* write [404 page](https://github.com/mozilla/science.mozilla.org/issues/182#issuecomment-248707447)
* fix up short links for [study groups like clubs](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-study-groups)
* need to add fellows forms under surveys to [assets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14yFNifdhBYlmp25ssc31cYtSUhEZZT7-CqZQCAVbcWY/edit?ts=57569b31#gid=0)
* work on [encryption outline](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mofo-secu)
* do something with curriculum:
  * [Notes from workshop week](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipams-aure-2016)
  *  [Talk/Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fYlEFTvv1vS1NB_FRX3vhb3ZG2dOSFbJuqdd-H433A8/edit#slide=id.g1437ee384a_0_494)
    * [Tutorial/Script](https://gist.github.com/auremoser/c720b36e445eebb357954c94724f76ba)
  * [Code + Templates](https://github.com/auremoser/ipam-16/)
* fix study group leadership training format to match [open leadership training guide](https://mozilla.github.io/open-leadership-training-series/articles/introduction-to-open-leadership/)


### IMMEDIATES
* add Matthew Collins (mcollins@acis.ufl.edu), beef with SC about the training cycle
* add Hao Zhu to list of particularly awesome folks (haozhu@hsl.harvard.edu)
* get something on the [mozilla tech](https://medium.com/mozilla-tech) or [open innovation](https://medium.com/mozilla-open-innovation) medium channels , If you have any questions or topic ideas for the Tech publication please reach out to: devmarketingdt@mozilla.com For the Open Innovation publication, please contact pfinch@mozilla.com.

### ALWAYS

* ADD MORE STUDY GROUP LESSONS TO WEBSITE

##### Call Ideas


* **February 2017** - Art Science
  * all people from visualized for Citizen science projects
    * Tom Duscher
    * Regina Flores Mir
* **April 2017** - Trust networks
	* building trust between science and society with [Helen Czerski](https://www.theguardian.com/science/blog/2017/jan/27/a-crisis-of-trust-is-looming-between-scientists-and-society-its-time-to-talk)
	* border security with matt mitchell
	* [trust project](http://www.thetrustproject.org/)
	* [WCSFP](http://wcsfp.com/)
	* Zara Rahman, research privacy/the engine room
	* Seamus Tuohy, research ethics
	* [Global South e-Health Observatory](http://www.odess.io/contact-confirmation.html)
	* inspired by [10 tech issues that will impact social justice](https://www.fordfoundation.org/ideas/equals-change-blog/posts/10-tech-issues-that-will-impact-social-justice-in-2017#show-last-Point)

* Bill Mills on Docker for Study Group Call
* Someone from [science journal at google](https://makingscience.withgoogle.com/science-journal/)
* Matt Conlen, [538 and open science](https://twitter.com/mathisonian)
* Patchwork - Github: http://patchwork.github.io/
* David Bloom - open biodiversity datasets: http://vertnet.org/about/about.html
* Open Data Barometer - http://opendatabarometer.org/
* Luke Thompson - EMP


#### STRATEGY
**MONTHLY**
* newletter
* call announcements
* call reminders - speakers

**WEEKLY**
* twitter
* blog posts (blog doc)

* something with [steph's user doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p7R8VG9zJU9bhqx3v6LcNH_vHez_JuJGp5sF4LDgfxo/edit#gid=0)
* contacts and regional owners
* followup and outreach schedule
* [communication plan]()


### RESOURCES
* [msl get involved](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/msl-get-involved)
* [msl call metrics](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/2016-call-participants)
* [msl data spreadsheet](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/mln-data-datacollection-sciencehub)
* [planning repo](https://github.com/mozillascience/plan/issues/33)
* [reading room](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-readingroom)
* [science lab getting started](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yt8NdwTdc_vrgWj3_VFtKKOoZiHEH9J_I0jNUKH4C1M/edit?usp=sharing_eid&ts=565dc35c)
* [roadmapping](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/sciencelab-2016-roadmapping)
* [onboarding checklist](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yt8NdwTdc_vrgWj3_VFtKKOoZiHEH9J_I0jNUKH4C1M/edit?ts=565dc35c#gid=1724807992&vpid=A2)
* [open cohort notes](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/cohort-brainstorm-notes)
* [aurelia's study group notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e_ATJYtXwoWfHYLFwYSoodyc06oJQLJ_qqBxbakdtDc/edit?ts=5661810d)
* [design dailies](http://desktopdailies.tumblr.com/)
* [fellows' resources](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/fellows-resources)
* [Fellowship Plan/Process](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/fellowship-process) also in a google doc
* [MSL participation form template](https://docs.google.com/a/mozillafoundation.org/forms/d/1UuWyuBlAPqYRGR5s3TyFzhbBpYPHxZIEp_v3swcG2yI/edit?ts=586ecf81)
* [MSL Team participation form](https://docs.google.com/a/mozillafoundation.org/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdudfgIx5RopjoaH8MRxiQ-iN5NaQhsadeOVt3DXfEJ8q82dg/viewform)